#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{titlesec}
\titleformat{\section}{\bfseries}{\thesection}{1em}{} 
\date{}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Finite Bases of Quasi-equations of Unary Algebras: How Few Rules Can We
 Get Away With? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Jennifer Hyndman 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
The associative, distributive, commutative, negation and identity laws (equation
s) for the integers are fundamental to our understanding of the integers.
 From childhood we 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

know
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 that everything follows from these laws.
 When we move to another algebraic structure a natural question is to ask
 what are the equations that hold and from which equations does everything
 else follow? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
When we allow for implications as well as equality we are considering expression
s called quasi-equations.
 Sometimes when working with small algebraic structures with, say, 4 or
 5 elements, our natural instinct that a few quasi-equations are sufficient
 to imply all quasi-equations is true.
 In other instances we require infinitely many quasi-equations to generate
 all quasi-equations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
In this talk we see the variety of results that can arise in the seemingly
 simple situation of quasi-equations of small algebraic structures with
 only unary operations.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
