#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{titlesec}
\titleformat{\section}{\bfseries}{\thesection}{1em}{} 
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Catherine Beauchemin
\series default
 is originally from Montreal.
 She received her undergraduate degree in Computational Physics from the
 University of Ottawa in 2001 and has done research in NeuroPhysics under
 the supervision of Dr.
 André Longtin.
 She got her Ph.D.
 under the supervision of Dr.
 Jack Tuszynski in the Physics Department of the University of Alberta in
 2005, working on spatiotemporal modelling of viral infections.
 She was a postdoctoral fellow jointly at the Los Alamos National Laboratory
 with Dr.
 Alan S.
 Perelson, and at the Adaptive Computation Laboratory in the Computer Science
 Department of the University of New Mexico with Dr.
 Stephanie Forrest.
 She is now an Assistant Professor in the Department of Physics at Ryerson
 University.
 Her research interest is in self-organizing systems, and more particularly
 in mathematical and computer modelling of infectious disease dynamics.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
