#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{titlesec}
\titleformat{\section}{\bfseries}{\thesection}{1em}{} 
\date{}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
To All the Graphs I've Loved Before
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Donovan Hare
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
What inspires me? Love inspires me.
 And me loves the graphs.
 
\begin_inset VSpace defskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
I will show you some graphs I especially love and the problems they come
 from.
 Be warned: I'm not talking about graphing functions.
 No, I'm talking about the structure of love - relationships - and what
 can be dished about them.
 
\begin_inset VSpace defskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Sound crazy? It is.
 But then so is love.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
